Zoë Watry, it smells so good and it lasts about 2 weeks to a month! highly recommend! good price too :)
Emily Wills, Right now I have one attached to my vent.A month later and the scent is still strong with some still left over.These pack of 6 should easily last me 6-8 months.
Zoë Watry, these air vent clips smell pretty good but i recommend using only one at a time since i find the scent to be a bit strong. i also found the clips at the back may break easily. all in all, the product is decent!
gouD West, Febreze is back. The old auto fragrances that don't even last a week anymore, that used to last for at least 30 days, I quit buying those. But then I saw these so I thought I'd buy some. And they are great and smell amazing.
wizzle lim, The scent is great. The problem is that I put it on the passenger side vent & cannot even tell if it's on from the driver's seat. I can barely smell it from the passenger seat. Wish it was a little stronger since the scent is really nice.
Jamie, Lasting long
Emily Wills, Great way to freshen the air in your vehicle! Easy to install right on your air vents. I especially liked the ability to adjust how much scent was released
Tomi Collins Adebiyi, The scent, green tea, is potent and I love the size of it; however, I don’t like the scent. I like fruity or fresh scents. The smell is more floral, so if you like floral scents give it a try.
Jim Kelley, So I recently started driving around an older vehicle that even after a VERY deep 4 and a half hour clean was still sort of musty from years of just sitting and collecting dust. Don’t get me wrong a classic tree air freshener on the rear view mirror will do something….but THIS it has only taken me one of these little guys on my passenger seat air vent and my entire three row van smells amazing! I’ll even leave my car turned off (obviously) for an entire 8 hour shift at work and get in and it’ll smell awesome! I’m really happy about this and I’m looking forward to trying other scents. I’ve got my eye on the green tea ones!
Isha Fleming, I like the scent. It’s crisp, citrusy and not too strong. 4 stars because the clip doesn’t always stay attached to my vent, and the product randomly falls off.
renee scafidi, It’s a nice, subtle scent. As described.
SV, I take my dog everywhere with me & my grandson said my car smelled like my dog. So I use the car freshners & my car smells GREAT!!!
Zoë Watry, Great price. Product does not last long.
Emily Wills, I like the control tab on the back to open as wide, or as little, as you want!
Joyce Schaffer, I attach to my air vents at home. Adds a pleasant and subtle scent.
Bettina B. Duckett, Bing
daryl, Great product smells great
Erin Macari, Let me just say this! It’s the best! 😫💕. I had to reorder some for my dad and my boyfriend
Y.M., Worked ok but not as good as the Febreze.
Amazon Customer, It's working well so far. As for how long it will last only time will tell. Overall I am pleased with the purchase.
Marlon Biggs, Smells really good
Toya, Great product for refreshing your space. Highly recommended
Frank, This scent smells absolutely delicious and juicy. The scent is like a white peach so there's no bitterness that often comes from yellow peach scents. The scent isn't overwhelming at all and just smells fresh and juicy like biting into a ripe peach in summer.I hope they make a reed diffuser in this scent because I would buy one for each room lol
Joe, Quality n scent really adds to the fragrance inside the car. I really enjoy the scent not to strong just right !
Zoë Watry, Smells very nice and works as it should.
Emily Wills, Smells really good…
Eddie, 5 star price, AND they smell good... but it's not quite new car scent. New car scent is almost really kind of a chemical smell, but this has too much of I guess what I would call a fruit-scented tone to it. This causes it to fall short vs. the much more expensive Febreze brand ones that are also available on Amazon.The Febreze ones smell as close to "new car scent" as I've found in the vent-style deodorizers. They are, however, almost 2.5 times more expensive per pod currently on Amazon. So you definitely have a trade-off there.
Monique Johnson, Loved the value
Brittany P., It has a great sent and isn't over powering!
Amazon Customer, Love them will buy again
1weirddude, Would recommend. Thank you
Mary, Great value and scent
Mr. Michael, Has a great subtle scent which I use on my fan in my room, trying different ideas. Simple design with adjustability
Debra, Car Freshner
Jane O., The "new car" scent is VERY subtle which is OK with me.
Summerr, Huele bien
Zoë Watry, My grandson liked these.
Emily Wills, As described.
kelly whittimore, Smells great and for the price can’t be beat. Also last longer than the other brands I’ve tried
Fred Browning, Lasts longer than generic brands.
