jgarrettjo, Smells ok
Bettina B. Duckett, I take my dog everywhere with me & my grandson said my car smelled like my dog. So I use the car freshners & my car smells GREAT!!!
Tomi Collins Adebiyi, Lasting long
I'mchichi, Barely any scent what so ever.
Andreaalana, I’m giving a two stars because the fresheners project a strong scent, but the quality of the smell of the fresheners reminds me of cheap perfume. The lingering smell sours when the air is not flowing. I won’t buy again.
Dave, Used 3 out of pack and none worked.
Eddie, Smells really good
Thomas J. Stewart, This product is crap. I’ve used it for a couple weeks and have never smelt it at all in My jeep. Usually having an air freshener clipped to the vent, especially if the heat is on, really brings out a fragrance. There is no fragrance at all with this I threw the rest of them away.
Emily Wills, The scent is great. The problem is that I put it on the passenger side vent & cannot even tell if it's on from the driver's seat. I can barely smell it from the passenger seat. Wish it was a little stronger since the scent is really nice.
Melanie, I bought it for my cars and this thing does not work at all. I thought it would probably take a few days but nothing. I would highly recommend to not buy it.
Joyce Schaffer, It’s a nice, subtle scent. As described.
Mary, Smells really good…
Amazon Customer, This scent you can barely smell not as strong as I am used too
Amazon Customer, Bing
1weirddude, Smells very nice and works as it should.
Tyrone Holmes, This is not a new car sent
Isha Fleming, The scent, green tea, is potent and I love the size of it; however, I don’t like the scent. I like fruity or fresh scents. The smell is more floral, so if you like floral scents give it a try.
Amy Elizabeth, This stinks so bad. Now I’m stuck with all of these and can’t return. Don’t get the berry.
Megan, It smells strong enough I just didn't like the scent I chose
Lusta Anderson, I put 2 in my vents in my little Kia I got new car smell you can't even smell them. I even turned to vent only to get more smell nothing!
Donald Carr, Would buy again. Give them a try.
Rayes, Car Freshner
Fred Browning, Great value and scent
Y.M., I attach to my air vents at home. Adds a pleasant and subtle scent.
Leonora, These cartridges have virtually no smell. Waste of money. The Fabreeze air fresheners are more expensive but since these have no smell, the extra cost is worth it. I bought two fragrances and neither have a strong scent.
Jim Kelley, Great way to freshen the air in your vehicle! Easy to install right on your air vents. I especially liked the ability to adjust how much scent was released
Erin Macari, I like the control tab on the back to open as wide, or as little, as you want!
Chelsea Lanier, As described.
Amazon Customer, My grandson liked these.
becky, No smell at all
sandra walsh, These don't smell much at all
